Documenting Route attachment for v1alpha2 (#762)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/v1alpha2/concepts/api-overview.md

As the Gateway spec captures user intent, it may not contain a complete
specification for all attributes in the spec. For example, the user may omit
fields such as addresses, TLS settings. This allows the controller managing the
GatewayClass to provide these settings for the user, resulting in a more
portable spec. This behaviour will be made clear using the GatewayClass Status
object.

### Routes

Route objects define protocol-specific rules for mapping requests from a Gateway
to Kubernetes Services. There are 4 Route resources included with the Gateway
API:

* HTTPRoute
* TCPRoute
* TLSRoute
* UDPRoute

> Additional Route resources may be added in the future.

Reviewer: we should filed an issue to describe dev guide for "make your own route"

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/issues/776

## Attaching Routes to Gateways

> When a Route attaches to a Gateway it represents configuration that is applied

Reviewer: [minor] missing comma? "Gateway, it"

Author: Updated, thanks!

on the Gateway that configures the underlying load balancer or proxy. How and
which Routes bind to Gateways is controlled by the resources themselves. Route
and Gateway resources have built-in controls to permit or constrain how they are

> attached. This is useful for enforcing organizational policies for how Routes

Reviewer: More direct (instead of "this is useful"

"The built-in controls and RBAC allow organizations to enforce policies

Author: Updated, thanks!

> attached. These built-in controls along with RBAC allow organizations to enforce

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
attached. Together with Kubernetes RBAC, these built-in controls allow organizations to enforce
```

Author: Updated, thanks!
